doc: Add repo doc (#2)
openfoodfacts/openfoodfacts-build-cache: README.md

# openfoodfacts-build-cache

> A repo to store some build caches of the Open Food Facts taxonomies (when GitHub cache is not the right option).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A repo to store some build caches of the Open Food Facts taxonomies (when GitHub cache is not the right option) for [product opener (aka open food facts server)](https://github.com/openfoodfacts/openfoodfacts-server/).
```

> The mechanism is explained in detailed in issue XYZ.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The mechanism is [explained here](https://openfoodfacts.github.io/openfoodfacts-server/dev/explain-taxonomy-build-cache/).
```
